---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "tss_resource_secret Resource - terraform-provider-tss"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# tss_resource_secret (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `folderid` (String) The folder ID of the secret.
- `name` (String) The name of the secret.
- `secrettemplateid` (String) The template ID in which the secret will be created.
- `siteid` (String) The site ID where the secret will be created.

### Optional

- `active` (Boolean) Whether the secret is active.
- `autochangenabled` (Boolean) Whether auto-change is enabled for the secret.
- `checkedout` (Boolean) Whether the secret is checked out.
- `checkoutchangepasswordenabled` (Boolean) Whether checkout change password is enabled.
- `checkoutenabled` (Boolean) Whether checkout is enabled for the secret.
- `checkoutintervalminutes` (Number) The checkout interval in minutes.
- `delayindexing` (Boolean) Whether delay indexing is enabled.
- `enableinheritpermissions` (Boolean) Whether inherit permissions is enabled.
- `enableinheritsecretpolicy` (Boolean) Whether inherit secret policy is enabled.
- `fields` (Block List) List of fields for the secret. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--fields))
- `launcherconnectassecretid` (Number) The ID of the launcher connect-as secret.
- `passwordtypewebscriptid` (Number) The ID of the password type web script.
- `proxyenabled` (Boolean) Whether proxy is enabled.
- `requirescomment` (Boolean) Whether a comment is required.
- `secretpolicyid` (Number) The ID of the secret policy.
- `sessionrecordingenabled` (Boolean) Whether session recording is enabled.
- `sshkeyargs` (Block, Optional) SSH key generation arguments. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--sshkeyargs))
- `weblauncherrequiresincognitomode` (Boolean) Whether the web launcher requires incognito mode.

### Read-Only

- `id` (Number) The ID of the secret.

<a id="nestedblock--fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `fields`

Optional:

- `fielddescription` (String)
- `fieldid` (Number)
- `fieldname` (String)
- `fileattachmentid` (Number)
- `filename` (String)
- `isfile` (Boolean)
- `islist` (Boolean)
- `isnotes` (Boolean)
- `ispassword` (Boolean)
- `itemid` (Number)
- `itemvalue` (String) The value of the field. For SSH key generation, this will be computed by the server.
- `listtype` (String)
- `slug` (String)


<a id="nestedblock--sshkeyargs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sshkeyargs`

Optional:

- `generatepassphrase` (Boolean) Whether to generate a passphrase for the SSH key.
- `generatesshkeys` (Boolean) Whether to generate SSH keys.
